When you create a new project (app), In Xcode you will see 3 main sections. 
1. Navigator (left most)
2. Editor 
3. Preview

Swift and SwiftUI are designed to read like natural language. 

Swift -> is the programming language you use to write your app's code 
SwiftUI -> is a framework that provides views, controls, and layout structures for creating your app's interface. 

1. What is App Structure?
App structure defines the content and behaviour of an app. 
SwiftUI app has one and only one main app structure. 

2. Why import SwiftUI?
To access the symbols and features of SwiftUI, the app uses an import declaration to import the SwiftUI framework.
Without import declaration, content view wouldn't have access to symbols of SwiftUI. 

3. What is @main? 
@main attribute to indicate the entry point of the SwiftUI app. 
The entry point is responsible for the start of the app. 

A SwiftUI app contains one and only one entry point. Attempting to apply @main to more than one structure in the app results in a compiler error.

import SwiftUI 
@main 
struct MyApp: App {
   var body: some Scene {
     WindowGroup {
         ContentView()
      }
    } 
 } 

My App structure confirms to the "App" protocol, and provides the content of the app and its behaviour. 

4. What is App protocol?
A type that represents the structure and behaviour of an app. 

You can create an app by declaring a structure that conforms to the App protocol. 
Implement the required "body" computed property to define the app's content. 

The protocol provides the default implementation of main() method, that system calls to launch your app. 
You can have exactly one entry point among all of your app's files. 

Compose the app's body from instances that conform to the "Scene" protocol. 
Each scene contains the root view of a view hierarchy and has a life cycle managed by the system.
SwiftUI provides some concrete scene types to handle common scenarios, like for displaying documents or settings. 
You can also create custom scenes. 

5. What is body property?
 "body" is the required computed property defined in the App protocol, which is the requirement of the "App" protocol. 
This property returns the contents of the app described as "scene". 
Body - can return one or more primary or secondary scenes. 

6. What is "Scene"?
SwiftUI provides building blocks that help you create the user interface of your app. One of the building blocks is Scene. 
A scene contains the view hierarchy that defines the app's user interface.
SwiftUI provides differnt types of scenes including "WindowGroup", "Window", "DocumentationGroup", & "Settings". 
The scene contains ContentView, a custom view that  creates a view hierarchy that consists of views. 

5. What is "WindowGroup" scene? 
WindowGroup scene represents the main window that the app displays. 
SwiftUI provides the platform specific behaviour for the window group.
Most commonly used scene. 

For instance, in macOS and iPadOS, a person can open more than one window from the group. 
And in macOS, a person can combine multiple instances of the window group into a set of tabs.

6. What is "ContentView"?
In SwiftUI, a scene contains view hierarchy that an app displays as its user interface. A view hierarchy defines the layout of views
relative to other views. 

ContentView implements the computed property - body. 
Implementing body is a common pattern that you see throughout your SwiftUI code,  for instance, when a structure conforms to protocols such as
App, Scene, and View. 

View hierarchy 

Window Group 
ContentView 
VStack 
Image & Text 


import SwiftUI 

struct ContentView: View {
   var body: some View {
     VStack {
         Image(systemName: "globe") 
             .imageScale(.large)
             .foregroundColor(.ascentColor) 
         Text("Hello, world")
       }
    .padding()
  }
}

7. What is VStack?
Its SwiftUI provided view, which arranges subviews vertically. 
A VStack simultaneously renders any on- or off screen views it contains. Using VStack is ideal when you have a small number of 
subviews. 
However, if your app needs to display many more subviews, consider using "LazyVStack", which only renders the views when the app needs
to display them onscreen. 

8. What is HStack?
Its SwiftUI provided view, which arranges subviews horizontally.
Similar to the LazyVStack, we have "LazyHStack".

9. Image 
To display image. 

10. Text 
To display text content 

11. TabView 
Container view that provides tabs that people can use to switch between different subviews. 
TabItem -> modifier, which tells the TabView the image and text to display in each tab. 

12. What is Conditional Compilation Block?
A conditional compilation block tells the swift compiler to conditionally compile the code block depending on the value of one or more
compilation condition. 

#if os(iOS)
#elseif os(macOS)
#endif

13. How do you create custom scene?
Code can be made more readable and easier to maintain is to use custom scenes.
You can create a custom scene by defining the structure that conforms to the Scene protocol.
A structure that conforms to Scene must implement the computed property body, just like structures that conform to the App protocol do.

struct MyScene: Scene {
 var body: some Scene {
   WindowGroup {
      TabView {
         ContentView() 
           .tabItem {
             Label("Journal", systemImage: "book") 
           } 

         SettingsView() {
           .tabItem {
             Label("Settings", systemImage: "gear") 
           }
       }
   }
 } 
}

14. Declaring a custom view?
SwiftUI offers declarative approach to user interface design. With a traditional imperative approach, the burden is on your controller code
code not only to instantiate, lay out, and configure views, but also to continually to make updates as the condition chnage. 
In constrast, with a declartive approach, you create a lightweight description of your user interface by declaring views in hierarchy that mirrors the desired 
layout of your interface. SwiftUI then manages drawing and updating these views in response to events like user input or state changes. 

You compose custom views out of built-in views that SwiftUI provides, plus other composite views that you already defined. 
You configure these views with view modifiers and connect with them to your data model. 
You then place your custom views within your app's view hierarchy. 

Declare a custom view type by defining a structure that conforms to the View protocol. 

struct MyView: View {
}

15. What is "View" Protocol? 
"View" protocol provides a blueprint for functionality - in this case, the behaviour of an element that SwiftUI draws onscreen. 
Conformance to the protocol comes with bothv requirements that view must fulfill, and functionality that the protocol provides. 
After you fulfill the requirements, 
you can insert your custom view into a view hierarchy so that it becomes part of your app’s user interface.

16. What is the main requirement of View protocol?
The View protocol’s main requirement is that conforming types must define a body computed property.

struct MyView: View {
   var body: some View {
    }
}

secondary requirement is, that confirming types must indicate an associated type for the body property. 
However, you don't make an explicit declaration. Instead, you declare the body property as an opaque type, using "some"  View syntax, to 
indicate only that body's type conforms to View. 
The exact type depends on the body’s content, which varies as you edit the body during development. 
Swift infers the exact type automatically.

Describe the view's appearance by adding content to the view's body property. 
You can compose the body from built-in views that SwiftUI provides, as well as custom views that you’ve defined elsewhere.
Views that take multiple input child views, like the stack in the example above, 
typically do so using a closure marked with the ViewBuilder attribute. 

To configure the views in your view’s body, you apply view modifiers. 
A modifier is nothing more than a method called on a particular view. The method returns a new, 
altered view that effectively takes the place of the original in the view hierarchy.

If an input value changes, SwiftUI notices the change and redraws only the affected parts of your interface. This might invlove reinitializing 
your entire view, but SwiftUI manages that for you. 

Because the system may reinitialize a view at any time, it's important to avoid doing any significant work in your view's initialization code. 
It's often best to omit an explicit initializer, allowing Swift to synthesize a member-wise initializer instea. 

SwiftUI provides many tools to help you manage your app's data under constraints. 

After you define a view, you can incorporate it in other views,
just like you do with built-in views. You add your view by declaring it at the point in the hierarchy at which you want it to appear. 

Alternatively, you could add your view as the root view of a new scene in your app, like the Settings scene that declares content for a macOS preferences window,
or a WKNotificationScene scene that declares the content for a watchOS notification. 

16. What is Viewbuilder?
A custom parameter attribute that constructs view from closures. 


